---
layout: post
title: "Week #1 - August 18th-August 25th"
date: 2023-08-18
categories: blog
---

This past week has truly been eventful. It’s been a period of adjustment and growth as I settled into the schedule and rhythm of the new school year, my junior year. Becoming familiar with the flow of my schedule and the transition away from summer break has been challenging, especially with the shift in workload compared to last year, building up this early within the first week. Balancing academics with SAT preparation had been especially demanding, but completing the test last weekend brought me a sense of relief for the time being.

In class, I had the opportunity to introduce myself and form connections with my peers in my ISM class. Meeting so many new and interesting people has already made the environment welcoming and collaborative, and brings me hopefulness for what to expect throughout the year. I look forward to working with the people in my class and getting to know and support everyone’s unique passions! Another milestone this week was setting up my online portfolio website. Those first steps allow me to establish a professional digital presence, which I will use to not only showcase my ISM journey but also serve as a platform to share future reflections and accomplishments.

Overall, this week was full of new experiences and getting used to. Although it has been busy, I feel motivated and optimistic about the opportunities ahead, both in ISM and in my personal growth.
