---
layout: post
title: "Week #6 - September 22nd-September 29th"
date: 2023-09-22
categories: blog
---

This week was highlighted by the ISM Symposium, which has easily been my best experience in the program so far. The event gave me the chance to meet an incredible range of professionals, many of whom shared valuable advice on how to approach interviews, develop stronger soft skills, and carry myself more professionally in the future. Beyond professionals, I also connected with fellow ISM students who share similar interests in engineering and technology. These conversations fueled my flame for my interest in ISM and reminded me how motivating it is to be surrounded by people who are passionate about the same fields.

After the symposium, I finally began to reach out to the contacts I gathered. I was very eager to hear back from a professor at Stanford, but it seems unlikely she will respond. While initially disappointing, this experience reminded me not to focus too narrowly on one opportunity. Instead, I need to keep broadening my horizons and seek out multiple perspectives and mentors rather than placing all my eggs in one basket.

On a more personal front, I finally completed my LinkedIn profile, which now serves as a professional snapshot of my skills and experiences. I also ramped up preparation for upcoming tests. Meanwhile, this week marks the final stretch before my next PSAT and SAT preparation sessions, so I’m continuing my heavy load of practice questions and multiple full‑length practice exams. It’s a lot to balance, but I’m managing to stay organized and focused, and I can feel the preparation paying off as I head into the final stages.
