---
layout: post
title: "Week #2 - August 25th-September 1st"
date: 2025-08-25
categories: blog
---

The first few weeks of school have been, as engaging as they were, also challenging. Adjusting to this new schedule that comes with my junior year—managing multiple tests and new course content for many classes—has required careful time management. I’m beginning to recognize how important consistent scheduling will be for my success this year in not only all my core classes, but also in ISM.

In ISM, I have begun exploring my research topic in greater depth. With my first research assessment, I’ve learned about the responsibilities and career outlooks of both computer and electrical engineers. This has given me a clearer understanding of the field and helped me start framing my future research path, as well as the way to go in what I should research. For instance, while I discovered that overall growth in the overall engineering role may remain steady, specializing in things such as the Internet of Things (IoT) brings significant opportunities in an expanding world that uses those technologies that relate to the overarching field. This realization has been motivating for me, as I have learned that targeted expertise can open doors to future careers and innovation.

A major challenge so far has been, as first mentioned, managing the increasing workload while staying on top of academic and ISM responsibilities. This experience has emphasized the importance of improving my scheduling skills and setting aside time for high‑priority tasks. Looking ahead, I aim to research how IoT integrates into solving global issues and how it connects to evolving job markets. I also want to explore practical ways to get involved in the field now, gaining experience that aligns with my long‑term career goals.
